update docu on istio specific conf in kyma (#13031)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/01-overview/main-areas/service-mesh/smsh-02-default-istio-setup-in-kyma.md

These configuration changes are applied to customize Istio for use with Kyma:

> - Control plane and Data plane uses FIPS certified distroless images provide by solo.io. Learn more about [FIPS images](https://www.solo.io/blog/distroless-fips-compliant-istio/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Both [Istio control plane and data plane](https://istio.io/latest/docs/ops/deployment/architecture/) use distroless images compliant with Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS). [Solo.io](https://www.solo.io/) provides the FIPS-certified images. To learn more, read about [Distroless FIPS-compliant Istio](https://www.solo.io/blog/distroless-fips-compliant-istio/).
```
